1. What is Music All About?
• Rossini - Overture to William Teller
• Chopin - Nocturne
• Beethoven - Waldstein Sonata
• Traditional - Boogie Woogie
2. Fun to Listen To
• Rossini - Overture to William Tell
3. Inspiration
• J. Strauss - The Blue Danube
• J. Strauss - Tales from the Vienna Woods
4. The Wrong Story
• R. Strauss - Don Quixote
5. The Real Story
6. More Don Quixote
• R. Strauss Don Quixote
7. Describing Atmospheres
• Beethoven - Symphony No. 6
• Mussorgsky - Pictures at an Exhibition
8. Describing Feelings
• Tckaikovsky - Symphony No. 4
• Tckaikovsky - Symphony No. 5
9. The Way Music Makes Us Feel
10. Webern
• Webern - Six Pieces
11. How the Notes are Played
• Schumann & Rozsa - Dragnet Theme
• Ravel - La Valse